did is obviously such an incredibly
gifted director and storyteller and I
think a big part of that has to do with
the emphasis that he places on humanity
and character and so I think it's what
sets him apart in a lot of ways he
doesn't just do things by the book and
that's one of the things that draws me
to him as an actor and and also as an
audience member of his projects and his
stories
what Scott Chambliss is able to create
is incredibly rich and multi-dimensional
environments for us to play in and be
supported by the ships that he builds
the the you know the actually the
enterprise but then also like the
volcano set that they built and the
stuff that they just made happen out of
nothing it's just you know and then
Michael Kaplan who's such a visionary
and and has so much integrity and his
work and and really you know it's all
about for us as actors it really
ultimately becomes about mmm like fabric
is the word I kind of think of it's like
how much fabric do we have to stitch
together our performances and our
understanding of the world that we're in
and when you're in a sci-fi story and so
much is ultimately left to the
imagination the more practical tangible
things that we have to work with the
more beneficial and and with those guys
it's it's really just tons and tons to
work with it's really it's really pretty
remarkable
an angel zoe saldana I mean she's so
she's got such an openness and such a
vulnerability on camera and yet such a
strength you know she can kick ass with
the best of them and and yet she can
really really soften and open up in a
way that is magnetizing whether you're
here or whether you're watching it on on
screen it's got a real power to it and
and she's just you know familiar love I
love her we've we've known each other
for years and it's great to come back to
that kind of familiarity you know
especially when you're working with such
intimacy